Man of the Match

In this challenge, you will be given ball-by-ball data data about an IPL match, and you have to write a program to determine the man-of-the-match using a (simplified) version of the most-valuable-player computation as described below.

Players in the match score MVP points as described helow:

Base Points:
A batsman scores 1 base point for every run scored
Every wicket results in an allocation of 25 base points to the players involved in the wicket.
An unassisted wicket (bowled, LBW, etc) results in all 25 base points being awarded to the bolwer
An assisted wicket (caught, stumped, etc) results in the base points being split equally between the invovled players
Bonus Points:
Bonus points are awarded as a percentage of the base points scored by the player.
A batsman whose strike rate is higher than the strike rate of the team gets a 10% bonus (i.e. 0.1 x base_points are added to his score). One whose strike rate is lower than the strike rate of the team, gets 10% deducted (i.e. 0.1 x base_points are deducted from his score)
A bowler whose economy rate is lower than the economy rate of the team gets a 10% bonus (i.e. 0.1 x base_points are added to his score). One whose economy rate is higher than the economy rate of the team, gets 10% deducted (i.e. 0.1 x base_points are deducted from his score)
The player with highest points is declared the man-of-the-match. In case of a tie, the player with the higher base points gets the award. If base points are the same, then the award is given jointly.

Format of the data

The data for each match will be provided in a single file, whose format is as below:

1,0.1,Kolkata Knight Riders,SC Ganguly,BB McCullum,P Kumar,0,1b,"",""
1,0.2,Kolkata Knight Riders,BB McCullum,SC Ganguly,P Kumar,0,0,"",""
1,0.3,Kolkata Knight Riders,BB McCullum,SC Ganguly,P Kumar,0,1w,"",""
1,0.4,Kolkata Knight Riders,BB McCullum,SC Ganguly,P Kumar,0,0,"",""
1,0.5,Kolkata Knight Riders,BB McCullum,SC Ganguly,P Kumar,0,0,"",""
1,0.6,Kolkata Knight Riders,BB McCullum,SC Ganguly,P Kumar,0,0,"",""
1,0.7,Kolkata Knight Riders,BB McCullum,SC Ganguly,P Kumar,0,1lb,"",""
1,1.1,Kolkata Knight Riders,BB McCullum,SC Ganguly,Z Khan,0,0,"",""
1,1.2,Kolkata Knight Riders,BB McCullum,SC Ganguly,Z Khan,4,0,"",""
1,1.3,Kolkata Knight Riders,BB McCullum,SC Ganguly,Z Khan,4,0,"",""
1,1.4,Kolkata Knight Riders,BB McCullum,SC Ganguly,Z Khan,6,0,"",""
1,1.5,Kolkata Knight Riders,BB McCullum,SC Ganguly,Z Khan,4,0,"",""
1,1.6,Kolkata Knight Riders,BB McCullum,SC Ganguly,Z Khan,0,0,lbw,BB McCullum
The file will contain data for the entire match. See this file for a description of the format of the data.

Program details

You're expected to write a program in one of the programming languages supported by the system. (See the list at the bottom of this page)

Your program will be given a list of file names containing match data (in a file called input.txt, and it should output the names of the men-of-the-match (in a file called output.txt).

Thus if input.txt contained:

match1.csv
match2.csv
match3.csv
Your program will read the match data from the files match1.csv, match2.csv and match3.csv compute the men-of-the-match, and the names, one-per-line, to output.txt. So your output.txt would look something like:

SC Ganguly
BB McCullum
SK Raina
Your program should read a file called input.txt (in the current directory - i.e. the directory in which your program is being executed), and it should write its output to a file called output.txt (again, in the current directory - i.e. the directory in which your program is being executed).

Formulae details

Strike rate of a batsman is computed as the total runs scored by the batsman, divided by the number of balls faced by that batsman. Note: extras (byes, leg byes, wide, no balls) do not count towards either the runs scored, nor towards the balls faced.

Strike rate of a team is computed as the total number of runs scored by all the batsmen (not counting extras), divided by total number of balls faced (not counting extras)

Economy rate of a bowler is computed as the runs conceded (including extras), divided by the number of balls bowled (not counting extras).

Economy rate of a team is computed as the total runs conceded divided by the total number of legal balls bowled.

Evaluation

To do well, you need to combine programming knowledge with a little bit of cricket knowledge.

Your program will be evaluated on the basis of correctness, efficiency & scalability, ability to handle edge cases, errors, and complex cases. After you submit a program, it will be automatically evaluated by the system and you will get feedback regarding your score. You may continue to submit updated solutions until the deadline of the contest
